# 7.Notes on use

## 7.1 Precautions for MarsCat

Follow Usage Instruction in strict(Usage Instruction sent with MarsCat) to operate correctly. Customer should take risks of damage caused by irregular operations.

7.1.1On handling MarsCat

- Do not use MarsCat on an unstable place or a place from which MarsCat may fall off to avoid a physical injury or a malfunction of MarsCat.
- Do not place fragile or dangerous objects around MarsCat to avoid property damage or a freak accident.
- Do not use MarsCat on a table or in other situations where a fall may occur. MarsCat can only be used on flat
- ground. Note that Elephant Robotics will not be responsible for any damage or loss caused by such fall or collision.

7.1.2To avoid injury

- Do not put your hands or fifingers in gaps around MarsCat's movable parts.
- Do not lift, swing or twist around MarsCat by only grasping its head, tail or any movable parts.
- Do not pull MarsCat’s tail hard. Noted that it's designed for safety that MarsCat’s tail come off from the body when it's forcefully pulled.
- If MarsCat's tail comes off from the body, please put the detached tail to the protruded base component, and then push the tail toward MarsCat's body to let the component go into the receptacle hole of the tail.
- Do not use MarsCat on a hard or slippery floor, MarsCat may fail to sit up or move forward. It is recommended that you use MarsCat on a wooden flfloor or a carpet with short threads.
- Keep MarsCat's movable parts free of anything that can restrict their movements, such as a sticker or a ribbon.
- Do not lubricate MarsCat's movable parts.
- Do not allow a strong physical impact (e.g. dropping MarsCat) or exert excessive force (e.g. putting a heavy object on MarsCat) on MarsCat to avoid the risk of malfunction.
- Do not leave MarsCat in a place subject to extremely high/low temperatures or high humidity. MarsCat's operating temperature range is from 5 °C to 35 °C (41 °F to 95 °F). Use of MarsCat in an extremely cold or hot place where the temperature falls below or exceeds the range may cause a malfunction of MarsCat.

7.1.3On cleaning

- When MarsCat or the charging station is soiled with small particles and dust, gently wipe them off with a dry, soft cloth.
- Do not use any volatile agent, such as alcohol or paint thinner, to avoid damaging the surface.
- If residues of dust or fifingerprints are found on MarsCat’s camera or sensor covers, do not touch them with bare hands. Instead, blow them off with a commercially available blower or wipe them off with a soft cloth.

7.1.4Moisture condensation

- If MarsCat is brought directly from a cold place to a warm place, moisture may condense inside or on the surface of it and cause a malfunction of MarsCat.
- If moisture condensation has occurred, leave MarsCat without turning on the power. Turn on the power until moisture condensation leave or you can wipe MarsCat with a dry cloth.

7.1.5Heat generation

- MarsCat and the supplied power adapter may generate heat while they are in use. Heat generation is caused by the operation of internal electric circuits or the electric current that flflows during battery charge and does not indicate a malfunction
- The amount of heat generated by MarsCat depends on its activity.
- When MarsCat or the supplied power adapter is extremely hot to the touch when compared to its usual state, unplug the charger and stop charging.

### 7.2 Precautions for Battery

**（图片）**

Product Parameter


| Model       | INR18650MJ1-2S2P                                                                                                               |
| ------------- | -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| Voltage     | 7.4V，6800mAH                                                                                                                  |
| Cycle life  | Standard charged at 1.5A, rest 0.5h, discharge at 1C(A) to cut-off voltage rest 0.5h, repeat the above steps until 400 cycles. |
| Teperature | 5°C-35°C（41°F-95°F）                                                                                                      |

**Note:**

- The supplied battery model is INR18650MJ1-2S2P, exclusively designed for MarsCat. If you need to purchase a new one, please visit our offificial website: https://www.elephantrobotics.com/.
- Charge the battery under the condition where the ambient temperature is within the range from 5 °C to 35 °C (41 °F to 95 °F). If the temperature is out of this range, the battery may not be fully charged.
- While you are charging the battery or using MarsCat, MarsCat’s body temperature may rise. This does not indicate a malfunction of MarsCat.
- Even if you do not intend to use MarsCat for an extended period of time, charge the battery every 3-6 months to keep it from deteriorating.
- If MarsCat has not been used for an extended period of time, it may take more time to charge the battery.

## 7.3 Precautions for SD Card&Data

- Do not take SD card out. If you want to read or transfer data, please use USB access to the fifile. For details, please visit our offificial website to consult relevant information: [https://www.elephantrobotics.com/.](https://www.elephantrobotics.com/.)
- In the event that your data is not recorded and thus unavailable for retrieval due to some reasons, such as a malfunction of MarsCat or a communication error, please be advised that Elephant Robotics assumes no liability for compensating lost data.

**7.4 Precautions for Network**

To protect user privacy, the use of MarsCat does not require a network. Users can operate MarsCat offline.

